I sense you. brother.
Hiding...
...behind your cloak.
It is time to earn yours.
Still too small to take me head on.
Use to cave!
You fight with rage.
I fight like father.
You are not father. you are Dek!
- Do you yield?
- Never!
Good.
I'm still alive. brother.
So much to prove...
...to show who you are.
I am Yautia.
Not yet.
Are you holding your sword. Kwei?
No.
Pick it up!
You kept this toy?!
You remember what happened...
I lost my fang!
And you saved my life.
You protected me.
Come here.
Fixed it for you.
Don't blow yourself up.
Today you make a vow...
...as our ancestors did before you.
To earn your place in the clan...
...you must choose your prey.
Bring it home...
...or never return.
Wait - Go back!
Genna.
The death planet.
Home of the un-killable Kalisk.
Even father fears it.
Then the Kalisk shall be my trophy.
Father calls me the weakest...
...so I must kill the strongest.
Failure means death.
Then I will not fail.
I cannot allow it.
I make my vow.
I make my vow!
Father.
I welcome you with honor.
Why is it not done?
He deserves a hunt.
You hear Yautja. others hear their
language.
Oh boy.
This isn't great for you.
it waits for the needle to paralyze you...
Then eat you while you can't move.
I could help you. but...
I need a hand.
Yautia hunt alone.
Yautja might hunt alone. but they die
alone. too.
Kalisk.
You're hunting the Kalisk.
Gonna run faster!
It happens fast. huh?
If you had a weapon. you know.
I could use it.
Throw me that and I could get you
the antidote.
Now or never.
Should be good as new.
The venom makes them bloom.
Also makes them a handy antidote.
How about a lift?
Let's go.
Excuse you. sir.
What happened to your legs?
I'm synthetic.
I was built and deployed by the
Weyland-Yutani Corporation for research.
Because their humans wouldn't last a day
on this planet.
We found that...
Look...
Many Yautja have come for the Great
Kalisk.
And none have survived it.
Or Genna.
I've seen the Kalisk.
I survived it.
Here's my proposal.
You take me along with you. and I'll guide
you to its den.
Once there. I get my legs. you get your
trophy. and everyone's a winner.
Deal?
You have seen the Kalisk?
Oh yeah.
I've seen the Kalisk.
Okay.
Good luck with your journey.
I'm just gonna go on my journey.
I'm sure you'll figure something out.
Hey.
I've already shown you that I
could be useful to you.
Useful...
like tool?
Exactly. like a tool.
The only way to survive Genna is to work
with it.
And I know how.
And... with the right tool... you could
get the Kallusk.
You could be the first.
We'll delay your chish.
You delay!
You may call me thief!
What
does the chewing?
Your outside veins or your inside teeth?
Oh. what should I call you?
How fast were you going when your ship
crashed?
Faster than sublight speed?
We haven't cracked that yet.
Also. that plasma sword is interesting.
Is it unique to your clan?
And what may I call you?
I call these Imbre Anguis.
They just want a snack.
You catch more flies with honey than you
do with vinegar.
Drink my wine.
Predatory organisms are my specific area
of expertise.
I've studied Yautja extensively.
It's an impressive culture.
Here. ask me anything.
I bet I have the answer.
Very funny.
And you still haven't told me your name.
Nope.
What's going on?
Just a generic.
Okay... sure.
Well. let's back up and start at the
beginning.
Together we're a 64-bore Stark.
It's so beautiful.
After all the time I've been stuck here.
I never get tired of the view.
A little pause... and we are back.
Tessa. our crew is made up entirely of
synths. but Tessa and I are special.
We have a higher sensitivity than the
others.
The sensitivity is what allows us to
understand the creatures on this planet.
We were created to work in tandem.
Me cooped up in the lab. Tessa out in the
field.
Until the wonderful day Tessa let me come
with her.
We were exploring Genna.
And then the Kalisk attacked us.
Separated me... and us.
The last sound I remember hearing was
Tessa calling out my name.
Reaching for me.
And then the Kalisk.
I didn't know what to do.
But I refuse to believe she's dead.
She's dead.
Tessa!
Tissa?
Thea...
I'm so tired.
Oh. a quick question.
What should I be doing?
Bone bison.
Their callous food.
So exciting.
Hunting with a yautja?
Tessa wouldn't believe it.
Just a warning.
One.
Razor grass.
It'll cut you to ribbons.
We'll just go around.
We might not be alone in this hunt.
What an odd critter.
I've never seen you before.
Yeah.
Thea.
Nice to meet you.
Looks like your competition is better.
Purple
up in these trees.
There are lunabugs.
Ah!
Coming up behind you.
Stronger than it looks.
Oh. Dak.
I'll show you.
That
was the best hunt I've ever been on.
This is the dream team right here.
The dynamic three.
The dynamic trio.
The dynamic trio!
Trio!
Remember when we went down the tree?
That monster's mouth.
I mean...
Didn't smell great.
But...
We got him.
And then we met you.
Our little. sweet little. little thing.
Thank you.
Seriously.
For that experience.
Truly amazing.
Thrilling.
Truly thrilling.
What was your favorite part?
Cool.
Aww.
No thanks.
I don't eat. but that's very sweet.
Good to know.
Woo!
Our little bud here looks hungry.
I think she's marking you.
She wants you to be a part of her clan.
Maybe she's lost.
What do you mean?
Don't all Yautja have family?
Not Yautmish.
So you never had anyone looking out for
you?
Doi-chit-tai-lut-chish.
Ha?
What happened to him?
A hwak-lut-in-jor.
You're grieving.
Ya-tay-is-ha-ru-n-na-m-ha.
You're here because you lost your brother.
A-les-kin-t-wenn-yut-wun-chish.
Le-on-t-wenn-yut-wun-maw.
I'm here because traveling with you is the
best way to get back to Tessa.
When I was in that vulture's nest. I
was so afraid I would never see her again.
So then we swi-hu-law-a-ku-a.
I can survive on my own.
But who would want to survive on their
own?
Jelay-is-all-horror-Tessa.
Sister.
Huh.
Yeah.
I guess she is.
I have... a sister.
What a lovely thought.
I need to find her.
She-x-dwa-i-zul.
Excuse me?
Nidh-lay-an-sa-ng-yan.
She-x-dwa-i-zul.
Was that a joke?
Anyway. back at weir.
You do know that it's forft-ing.
right?
Uh. I don't.
I-I wanted to-I'm going to-
Look like an old lady. polite.
Come out.
There you are. okay.
The tree would have eaten us without her.
But we didn't.
Bud saved us.
She spit on you to claim you as part of
her family.
Why'd your father kill your brother?
I don't know.
You're a pig. you're a pig.
On Earth?
There's a predator known as the wolf.
It's a powerful creature.
They hunt in packs.
They're very loyal.
The leader of the pack is the alpha.
Known as the most dominant.
No.
The alpha...
isn't the wolf
who... kills the most.
The alpha is actually the one who best
protects the pack.
What is it?
I don't know.
But I know it.
Waelin Utani Synths.
The Calisk destroyed most of our mission
team.
Oh. there I am!
It's about to be.
Oh. of course.
Right.
Thank you. Deck.
I'm never gonna forget this.
You should... doubt this.
Deck. there's something I have to tell
you.
You need to leave now.
Location beacon activated.
I called Tessa.
The company is on its way.
You can't be here when they arrive.
So did I. Deck.
The company sent us here to capture the
Calisk.
The Calisk...
The Calisk.
You can't kill it.
No. you can't.
I'm sorry.
You have to leave.
I needed you to... help bring me here.
No. you can't.
The Calisk is here.
I'm trying to help you. Deck.
You think your brother saved your life
just so you could die here?
A big pause...
and we are back.
I'm trying to help you. Deck.
You think your brother saved your life
just so you could die here?
A little pause...
and we are back.
The Yautja call their we.
Why were you spared?
I read Thea's logs.
You never told her why your brother
protected you.
That's correct.
And you are now property of the
Weyland-Yutani Corporation.
It is a great honor... for you.
Essa.
I'm sorry.
You made it.
We made it.
I've seen so much.
I have so much to tell you.
I saw such incredible creatures.
The Yautja is a great traveling companion.
Thea.
You were right about the Kallus.
This?
Shy Wun Wun?
The creature is a regenerative miracle.
Humanity will thank us.
We have the Kallus?
Yes.
And Mother will be pleased with your
additional catch.
Additional catch?
Ah!
Thanks criterion?
All right. thank you.
I
don't care if you don't give thanks.
I care about the
Yautja from the bottom of my heart.
Good idea.
But it's so malformed.
We're going to need a sample.
For research.
He was not the goal of our mission.
Tessa. he is deficient!
Tessa!
Thea. this is what is asked of us.
We can be more than what they ask of us.
What can we be?
Sisters.
Thea.
Do you know why Mother gave us feelings?
So we could understand the creatures on
this planet.
And exploit them.
The Yautja is different.
He rescued me.
Like you rescued me.
I did not come here to rescue you.
I am completing our mission.
When we first faced the Kallusk...
I tried to protect you.
And that almost cost me everything.
What do you mean. Tessa?
I almost made the same mistake the
Yautja's brother made.
The weak must be cold.
And Thea. you are broken.
Tessa. incoming message from Mother.
Motivate the Yautja to explain its
weapons.
And the unit?
Box her up.
...
Why are you speaking its language?
You heard the orders.
I'm asking it to explain this device.
What is the device?
What did it say?
He says it's a map.
How does it work?
They shouldn't know.
You're a bald boy.
You're what?
F-tch.
Nothing.
Only nothing.
F-tch.
Hello. mother.
Tessa.
We're about to load the Kallusk.
Priority one complete.
The specimen has been acquired.
Thank you. Tessa.
We truly are building a better world.
And what is the status of the Yautja?
The Yautja is a defective specimen.
What is the status of the Yautja?
I'm sorry. mother.
The Yautja is dead.
Then the Yautja is no longer a threat.
The company will be pleased.
Nicely done.
Oh. shit.
Good job.
Don't move.
Deck?
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
You came back for me?
What exactly are you wearing?
Deck of the Yautja.
You and I... are the... are...
The Yautja.
We need to hurry.
More of them will be here any minute.
What are you doing here?
Thanks. bud.
I'm good.
We need to go.
The Kallusk.
Still. Deck?
The Kallusk is dead.
Bud?
Bud's its child?
What's the plan?
You
have 20 minutes to initiate launch.
Let's go hunt.
Wait here.
You roll in there. you're not exactly
gonna fit in.
I have an idea.
I see him.
On me.
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
I told you to get to the Yautja.
You said to prepare the ship for takeoff
in 20 minutes.
Then what are you doing here?
I gave you an order!
What should we do about the creature?
What creature?
You should listen to her.
I should listen to her?
I don't know.
We need his eyes.
What is this?
It's not a thing.
It's
not a thing to listen to.
What is it for?
I don't think this is for me.
No. I'm not.
I need a warhead from you.
A warhead?
Death.
Betrayed by my own... sister.
We're not sisters.
Voyager...
...will turn the view.
Genghrix...
...shix ya e'en istando.
Nisi chai chi tai chi.
Finally earned that cloak.
Deck of the Yautja.
More friends of yours?
My?
We will.